docs(new-tutorial): next steps unit (#5622)
refinedev/refine: documentation/tutorial/next-steps/summary/index.md

<Sandpack>

> Contgratulations! You've completed the tutorial. You've learned how to create a CRUD application from scratch by Refine and learned about the basic concepts of Refine. You can now use Refine to create your own applications without any limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You've completed the tutorial, learning how to create a CRUD application from scratch using Refine and understanding its basic concepts. With this knowledge, you can now use Refine to develop your own applications without limitations.
```
